feat!: allow post upgrade templating by default (#21326)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosted-configuration.md

npx ng update @angular/core --from=10.0.0 --to=11.0.0 --migrate-only --allow-dirty --force
```

> This option can be set to `false` if you wish to disable templating for any security or performance concerns, but usually it's sufficient to configure just `allowedPostUpgradeCommands` patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to disable templating because of any security or performance concern, you may set `allowPostUpgradeCommandTemplating` to `false`.
But before you disable templating completely, try the `allowedPostUpgradeCommands` config option, to limit what commmands are allowed to run.
```

How about this?

npx ng update @angular/core --from=10.0.0 --to=11.0.0 --migrate-only --allow-dirty --force
```

If you wish to disable templating because of any security or performance concern, you may set `allowPostUpgradeCommandTemplating` to `false`.

> But before you disable templating completely, try the `allowedPostUpgradeCommands` config option, to limit what commmands are allowed to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But before you disable templating completely, try the `allowedPostUpgradeCommands` config option to limit what commands are allowed to run.
```

Whoops, I had three `m`'s in the word `commands`. 😄 We probably don't need that `,` either.
